Gwenevere Abriel: You got the little tulips behind you.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, I'm trying to take it off virtual background none.
Jessica Garcia: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's fun to play with that stuff though, isn't it.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah. Yeah. It is. It is fun. Let me get my feet.
Jessica Garcia: So I wasn't able to make it to my grandma's today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why is that
Jessica Garcia: Oh no, I just woke up late.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Jessica Garcia: I slept. You want to know how long I slept I slept from yesterday when I got home from work.
Jessica Garcia: Like from five
Jessica Garcia: In the afternoon to like a little while ago.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many hours is that
Jessica Garcia: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: 789 10 1112 one. Wait a minute. So five at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah 778-910-1112 1-234-567-8910 11 think that's
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 plus 818 hours. I can't be right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything else like is that a pattern. Is that, is that a
Gwenevere Abriel: Something going on with this new way of all the work, and now also taking care of the baby like all this additional stuff you're doing anything.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah yeah cuz I've been doing that every day, like I get home and I fall asleep. I think my body's just getting used to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about sleep and how to protect it and see where if there is spaces where you could protect it more because notice you're not over at your grandma's right now. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there is some choice about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes, it's nice to have the money and how great is it to be able to take care of them. They're not you know strangers to you, but at the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about you.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah okay so well. So the thing that's going on with that is that
Jessica Garcia: It's all for taking care of them.
Jessica Garcia: So like she gets 40 hours a week, and she went to me one day and was like, Oh, well I can offer you, you know, these many hours and this now.
Jessica Garcia: Okay, fine.
Jessica Garcia: And so, um,
Jessica Garcia: So she gets 40 hours a week, and I only get 14
Jessica Garcia: Mm hmm. Which is fine, but I'm
Jessica Garcia: I'm
Jessica Garcia: The only time that I'm able to put in hours is Wednesday and Saturday. So any other day that I go and I go pretty much every single day is just me going to see my grandparents, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me let me, let me see if I'm getting this is correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are. Let's just take a typical
Gwenevere Abriel: Wednesday. Let's take a typical is it Sunday. You go over
Jessica Garcia: A Wednesday and Saturday.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what did a typical Wednesday look like with this additional work you're doing. What do you, what is what was a typical day look like
Jessica Garcia: I wake up early in the morning, go to my grandparents usually like
Jessica Garcia: Around
Jessica Garcia: 10 around this time.
And then
Jessica Garcia: I
Jessica Garcia: stay there until like seven o'clock at night until my son's Dad gets out of work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what
Jessica Garcia: And then I come home and
Jessica Garcia: All that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but what what goes on when you come home.
Jessica Garcia: Um, I come home and
Jessica Garcia: Get ready for bed get to like bait the baby and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me about the and stuff.
Jessica Garcia: That's pretty much it. I paid the baby. I do my stuff.
Jessica Garcia: Good my face and everything that
Jessica Garcia: Is lost my teeth.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I didn't, I didn't hear anything about food preparation.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't hear anything about any kind of laundry or so. But notice it. It's not an instruction. It's just, it sounds like you're you're come home, you do bathing and some self care and then are you going to bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: By what time
Jessica Garcia: Probably like around nine or 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jessica Garcia: So then ideally nine or 10 but usually like around 11
Gwenevere Abriel: You try for nine or 10 but really it's going to sleep at 11. So then you've got 12 123456 what time you waking up on a Wednesday.
Jessica Garcia: And Wednesday I wake up like, around nine
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see. So we got so we've got 12 1234567 well that's nine hours. Okay, so you're getting enough sleep, nine hours is a solid amount. It's nice to get a minimum of eight, you're getting nine
Gwenevere Abriel: But when I'm when, when are you eating dinner. How are you getting dinner.
Jessica Garcia: At my grandma's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're making sure the food is happening, but you're doing over there. Grandma's
Gwenevere Abriel: Slides on here.
Jessica Garcia: Because we make we make dinner together and then we all eat and everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. All right, then. On Saturday, what does it look like is it look exactly like that or something slightly different.
Jessica Garcia: It's the same. It's, it's about the same, the same exact thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: You go to sleep. Some then Sunday. What did you do yesterday.
Jessica Garcia: Yesterday I worked
Gwenevere Abriel: Were
Jessica Garcia: With the other company.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And when did from when to when
Jessica Garcia: Yesterday was a short day so I worked from
Jessica Garcia: eight to two
Gwenevere Abriel: So you finished it to. And where was your son.
Jessica Garcia: Here, what does that
Gwenevere Abriel: And you came home and it looks like he was having fun with his dad or no.
Jessica Garcia: He does. He whenever he's with his dad like he has good days and I can tell.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dies.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's why I'm asking if you picked up on that he had had a good day. So it's two o'clock, and then
Gwenevere Abriel: You were up for like three hours.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, I got here and I made dinner and um
Jessica Garcia: And then me and the baby laid down and asked out
Gwenevere Abriel: And he stayed in bed. The whole time though all those hours with you.
Jessica Garcia: Know a. So my sense that he was off yesterday, but she went on an emergency.
Jessica Garcia: And when he got back, it was like
Jessica Garcia: A little while. LAUGHTER We laid down.
Jessica Garcia: So he got a nap in and then she went and got him from upstairs and I stayed sleeping.
Jessica Garcia: And they hung out
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me about the, the, tell me about the patients clients. I don't know what you guys call the the
Jessica Garcia: The client.
Jessica Garcia: Client. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me about them. What was kind of the work that you needed to do with them.
Jessica Garcia: So who is the man from yesterday.
Jessica Garcia: I washed the dishes and talk to him for a while, he likes to
Jessica Garcia: He likes to talk. He's, he's funny.
Jessica Garcia: And then I went and I did his laundry. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So wash dishes. You got to have that satisfaction of taking a dirty area and making it clean, and I know you like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you got to do wash some clothes. I don't know anything about whether you like doing that or not.
Jessica Garcia: For some reason I don't like to do my own clothes, but I like doing other people's okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that that was still a really positive experience. Are you like doing his clothes, and do you get them all the way out of the dryer and fold them and put them away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh that's satisfying a nice Chris Flat. Flat. Flat nice as those corners and then we hang them up as they need it and off they go. Okay.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Simpson satisfaction there. Um, so that's 910 1112 one, two, that's still a pretty full day six hours. That's, that's still a full day of work.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is
Jessica Garcia: It is so I means I'm working longer day
Jessica Garcia: That's probably why. Because then usually well my Sunday, a client is in the hospital. The afternoon one. So, usually after I was done there. I would go to her house until 530
Gwenevere Abriel: But not on Sunday.
Jessica Garcia: No, because she was in the hospital.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you have normally done on a Sunday during the day.
Jessica Garcia: If I wasn't working.
Uh huh.
Jessica Garcia: Well, it's bad luck to do your laundry on Sundays.
Jessica Garcia: So I probably would have just laid here and watch TV or something. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about that. That's, that's something I hadn't heard what spiritual kind of perspective does that come from educate
Jessica Garcia: They say that
Jessica Garcia: Is it good. Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: They say that you're not supposed to wash your clothes on Sundays, because it's the beginning of the week.
Jessica Garcia: And you wash all your good luck away.
Gwenevere Abriel: But where does that come from.
Jessica Garcia: I don't know. It's a superstitious like for Mexican Mexican superstition.
Jessica Garcia: Superstition like they say that you're not supposed to sleep at night because you sweep all your money away. Okay.
Jessica Garcia: You know, our US Mexicans were very superstitious this
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your, is your clients Mexican
Jessica Garcia: No he's not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it you don't cause bad luck.
Jessica Garcia: He's not one
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not doing the washing of his own. So it's the sweeping have your own space cleaning of your own stuff that's problematic.
Jessica Garcia: Okay. Oh, I mean, and either that or I watched on his good luck, go away.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just curious what you where it comes from, where it came from.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Jessica Garcia: So I have an issue because
Jessica Garcia: My grandma wants me to go like right now. She called me, and I know she wants me to go over there.
Jessica Garcia: And I had decided that I was gonna
Jessica Garcia: Like separate it like only go on the days that I'm getting paid for.
That smart.
Jessica Garcia: But then she calls me and
Jessica Garcia: So these are supposed to be my days off.
Jessica Garcia: Like Monday and Tuesday.
Jessica Garcia: And
Jessica Garcia: I can't, like, I don't
Jessica Garcia: I don't mind. But I guess I do mind. I don't know how to say no.
Jessica Garcia: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear how recent this is
Gwenevere Abriel: You just got a text, an hour ago. Like, tell me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's actually going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the status of this
Jessica Garcia: So last week.
Jessica Garcia: I went
Jessica Garcia: Sometimes if I do go, I'll go like a little bit late at night.
Jessica Garcia: Like eight or nine and
Jessica Garcia: Go and take them a plate of food or something and then come home.
Jessica Garcia: Um, but then she'll tell me please come over here.
Jessica Garcia: Tomorrow,
Jessica Garcia: Need you like we we want you guys here or whatever. And I'm like, Okay, yeah, no problem.
Jessica Garcia: But then I'm like, crap. I have so much to do at home.
Jessica Garcia: Okay.
Jessica Garcia: So not really a day off, but just my days to do my stuff around the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, right. If Sunday. You can't sweep and you can do laundry. And then of course you would probably be looking into those things during the week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you said to me, You're laughing I'm not laughing You
Jessica Garcia: Are. Yeah, it's true. But I just
Jessica Garcia: Ridiculous.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not true.
Jessica Garcia: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay but but but it's real like
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, it's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now you have this pressure. So that's what I'm trying to get a sense, you said it happened last week. So I'm trying to understand. Did you just get a text or a call from your grandparents like this morning or last night, like how recent is this pressure
Jessica Garcia: Like around 1050 she called me and I answered.
Jessica Garcia: And I told her. Oh, I'm getting ready I'm making the baby breakfast and getting ready because of, you know, my, my therapy appointment that I go
Jessica Garcia: Every Monday and they know about it already.
Jessica Garcia: Okay. And, um,
Jessica Garcia: And she was like, oh, what time is it at
Jessica Garcia: And she mentioned to me first. You mentioned to me that she got extra food stamps again and she was really excited about that.
Jessica Garcia: And then
Jessica Garcia: And then she said that
Jessica Garcia: Oh, and then she told me, Oh, well, I'll let you go because you it's almost 11 it's 1050 I'll let you go because you have to go to your appointment and I was like okay
Jessica Garcia: But during that time I was like brushing my teeth and stuff so
Jessica Garcia: After that we hung up. And I was like oh my gosh she wants me to go over there.
Jessica Garcia: And I'm deciding
Jessica Garcia: Whether I want to go over there, not like my auntie supposed to be there. She's
Jessica Garcia: Supposed to be them.
Jessica Garcia: And she doesn't go like she helped them she'll take them stuff.
Jessica Garcia: Or they need it.
Yes.
Okay.
Jessica Garcia: Like just stuff like that but she just didn't
Jessica Garcia: Do it correctly supposed to go and sit there with them and
Jessica Garcia: Clean and which I know that's why she was like August HOURS TO YOU, BECAUSE SHE KNOWS. I'll do it.
Jessica Garcia: I was doing that anyway without getting paid and
Jessica Garcia: So that that responsibility is kind of falling on me, like, up until last week I had to correct my grandma because up until last week she like she likes to make these jokes where she's like Oh, I'm gonna fire you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dirty
Jessica Garcia: Because because you're not doing what you're supposed to do, or you're not good at, like, you're supposed to. I told her. Remember my auntie got mad at me because I was putting hours during the week. I told her she was like
Jessica Garcia: She made a comment and then I was like, Well, either way. I'm only getting paid for Monday and Saturday.
Jessica Garcia: So all the other days that I come, it's just because I want to, and I do it. You know, I don't even have to say it.
Jessica Garcia: I don't have to say that because I do it, I don't know how to explain it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you did that part. So this is new. You actually did communicate with her. Hey Grandma I as far as like the work part. All joking aside. I'm the days that I'm being paid or Monday and Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this really about you love your grandparents your auntie isn't doing the kind of job that you know that she should be doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that what this really about
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, like the burdens for not burden, but like the responsibilities falling on me and my grandma needs they need somebody there. They need somebody like you know
Jessica Garcia: To be there and it's just
Jessica Garcia: When I do it out of the out of my life, my own will, you know, it's, it's one thing, but when it's expected
Jessica Garcia: That's a completely different.
What
Gwenevere Abriel: What is he got it. You got a little face. What do you got
Jessica Garcia: He just just me.
A shish.
Gwenevere Abriel: He
Gwenevere Abriel: Should he should just you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just got the shirt. He's got the shirt now.
Jessica Garcia: I can
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna, I'm gonna go use the restroom. I'll be right back. So go take care of him doing something fun to do. I'll be right back.
Jessica Garcia: Okay, thank you.
Jessica Garcia: What do you want to watch Dexter.
Jessica Garcia: No doctor
Jessica Garcia: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm back here. When you're ready,
Okay.
Jessica Garcia: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry mom or his articulation is just improving I can tell what he's saying.
Jessica Garcia: He's working so hard to put together sentences.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was a great one.
Gwenevere Abriel: While you were talking about how you deal with
Gwenevere Abriel: You know this boundary of wanting time your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think you have to correct me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it is it about
Gwenevere Abriel: Your grandparents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are putting on you a request that really belongs with your auntie.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what it kind of comes down to
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is an interesting place because I'm it's really, it's up to you what you what you want to do with it. This could be an opportunity for you to practice those really new sort of boundary skills.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you already have this playful way with your grandma right you already have this kind of joke going
Gwenevere Abriel: So you could kind of use, that if you wanted to, to kind of continue with the joking and say, well, maybe you should talk to you know what, what's your aunties name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kathy. Kathy. Yeah, well it's Kathy's day, maybe you should go tell her, you're about to can her hahaha
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but we got to keep talking, because it's not that simple. And I know that. So I want to know the real deal. I really want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has your grandma actually had a conversation with Kathy and said, Kathy, how come you don't do my laundry or clean my dishes.
Jessica Garcia: Well,
Jessica Garcia: Okay. The thing with my grandma is that, to me, she'll say one thing.
Jessica Garcia: And she'll be upset and this and that. But then my auntie goes around and
Jessica Garcia: She talks today she tells them all my my
Jessica Garcia: My st parents. My, my, St. Parents with the mask of of
Jessica Garcia: Silver like okay now I know how to explain it in English.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, does she have godparents or spiritual parents or something.
Jessica Garcia: No, just she's saying that they're saints calling them saints and saying, but they have a mask of gold.
Gwenevere Abriel: And but our issue referring to
Jessica Garcia: You, my grandparents, my grandparents, my parents, her parents. My grandparents.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think what, let me just see if I'm getting what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: That Kathy is not held accountable for
Gwenevere Abriel: Goal as a caregiver, but by kissing her parents ass.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that basically it
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry about the swearing. I kind of forgot the little he's like well he's gonna be like this. Shush.
Jessica Garcia: He's used to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trust me. Sure, sure. On the therapist.
Jessica Garcia: That's his job.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, so there are a lot of challenges with this number one, you're not only are you working for family you're working with family and those are dual relationships. Whenever there's dual relationships is gonna get sticky period going to be sticky.
Jessica Garcia: And it's the same and who
Jessica Garcia: Who got me a job with that company and I never got paid and like you went under, and stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's even on some maybe some low grade resentment towards for maybe from you a little bit
Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: Pretty much.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I, I'm perfectly capable of not swearing. You didn't have to leave the room if it was about me.
Jessica Garcia: Know it's cuz he's like gonna be
Jessica Garcia: He's gonna be like mom mom mom mom mom, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but I'm telling you, I do have, I do have other words I can use
Know,
Jessica Garcia: Stuff like that too. It's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so we're okay so let's come back to to this being
Gwenevere Abriel: Additionally, complicated with these other things. So let's come back to what you want, but I know I heard you say is I want Mondays, Tuesdays off. I heard that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had Mondays and Tuesdays off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before you started working. Is that right,
Gwenevere Abriel: You are you basically home or were you going over
Gwenevere Abriel: You were right. So Kathy was handling it before.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, was it not W judge it meaning she was there, over there at the grandparents.
Um,
Jessica Garcia: No she doesn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mondays and Tuesdays.
Jessica Garcia: Who she just doesn't like
Jessica Garcia: Either that, or she'll go like for like an hour, two hours and sit there with my grandparents and then she'll leave because she door dashes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here again, Jessica. I'm ignorant. I can't tell what it is yet so you're going to have to push back at me and say, No, no, no, that's not it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't tell if what's missing is hey, Kathy. Um, I keep getting calls from from Nana wanting me to come over
Gwenevere Abriel: I do need money. And I'd like to bill for that. What time. Were you planning on coming over, because I, I like to help them out. Is that going to be a problem with your budgeting your money for the week. Do you want to make a change, because they keep calling me
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice what I just did right now. I did a role play of you talking to Kathy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So again, I'm ignorant and I don't know really what's going on with you, Jessica. I can't tell if that's the piece that's missing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't tell if you've already thought about that, and you're like, duh. Like, I mean, of course, or it's like, well, you couldn't possibly not a, not in the Mexican culture, you can't talk to people like that. Are you insane.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I have, like, I have no idea. I have no idea. So educate me what's really what's the need here is this year assertiveness, is it you're afraid of Kathy's manipulation or I don't know what it is. I can't tell.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well let's work with the one I just did that and see what happened when you saw me doing a little role play me talking to Kathy. I was friendly, wasn't it
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, um, do you picture her being pissed off at me, even in that call.
Jessica Garcia: No, but
Jessica Garcia: She just won't like she won't like it like they have it. They have their own agreement.
Jessica Garcia: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, wait, I got I got wait one more piece. How do you know this agreement, how did you come about learning the agreement. How did you run across it.
Jessica Garcia: Because I already pushed for it. I had already like, hey, you know what, I'll do it all step in, you know,
Jessica Garcia: If she's not doing what she's supposed to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she said that to the grandparents, is that correct
Jessica Garcia: Yes. And then I also set it to my auntie. I also because she. It was just the whole thing. But I said to her, that like, you know, my grandma She needs help.
Jessica Garcia: She needs help. And she complains a lot about you know how you're not doing anything.
Jessica Garcia: Because she called in and told my mom a bunch of stuff. So I called her and told her you know I'm an adult. You can call me.
Jessica Garcia: And talk to me. I won't be disrespectful. But at the same time, you know, my grandma She complains a lot about you too, and that you're not doing your job and then to my grandma has been saying that she's been making comments to her.
Jessica Garcia: So she'll make comments to her and say, Hey, you know, well if you're not going to do it, then I'll find somebody else who can
Jessica Garcia: And
Gwenevere Abriel: That's grandma talking to you.
Jessica Garcia: To my auntie.
Jessica Garcia: And then the next couple of days. My auntie's like extra kissing ass and that my grandpa, my grandma just doesn't end up saying anything because she's you know so I'm to the point where I'm like,
Jessica Garcia: They're not doing anything about it. But now,
Jessica Garcia: I'm here where my grandma wants me to go over there, but at the same time I'm expected to take care of my household. Otherwise, I'm not doing my job as
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you and I will have to disagree on that part. I don't care if the house is a mess. I don't care that that part about the woman thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're being a woman doesn't change because the floor isn't slept on a Tuesday night or Sunday night or something like that, you're, you're a woman regardless. So I think what you just said was, you're going to hear from remote about it.
Jessica Garcia: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then, then this is a self image.
Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: Well, okay. I won't hear from Ramon, but
Jessica Garcia: It's like an unspoken thing because of the way he grew up the way his mom is god bless her soul. She
Jessica Garcia: works full time job comes home, make sure that there's dinner on the table serves them picks up their plates washing their clothes. So it's like that and his family to like he's Mexican as well. And so
Jessica Garcia: I've had like our aunt and uncle, my aunt and my aunt and uncle. I talked to us about and my uncle was like you're supposed to be taking care of
Jessica Garcia: Make sure that no matter what you're taking care of your house to and then it was said in front of him. And it's just the whole thing. Like it's it's what's expected of me. Okay, not from anyone, but from everyone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, it's a cultural norm. So, okay, I got you. I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you cannot be in two places at once we humans, we cannot do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Jessica Garcia: I'm just gonna have to
Jessica Garcia: Tell my grandma. Okay. But if I go, I'm clocking in
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello. Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: But better tell my auntie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there's that. There's better tell my auntie and now there's come back to I overheard as I had this barrage of texts coming in at my attention. Got a little sidetracked. But I want to hear something. I thought I heard you give me an example of how you communicated with Cassie.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was. Was it you, saying, hey, but they've been complaining about you have you did you talk to Kathy like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, is that the only way you've talked to her, or has there also been an approach of
Gwenevere Abriel: Not accusations, but rather than and justifications, but rather the way I did it right.
Jessica Garcia: Now, there hasn't been
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe that's that's the bridge between all or nothing that bridge of instead of dumping it on grandparents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which you can because it's there. The one hiring you. But you have decided to blend family and work together. God bless you. This is not an easy thing to do. It takes a really unique set of skills to pull this off and the skills that it needs is clear boundaries. I mean, clear.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can reset them and say hey guys, since we're family. We're also doing this work thing just to reiterate, Mondays and Tuesdays. That's what I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of a keep my house together, but I'm willing to clock in one or two hours, just let me know when you set the limit. But you let them both know what that is. You guys have any concerns about that. What are they let me know now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is not the same thing as justifying things like people have been complaining about you. I'm better than you know Kathy what
Jessica Garcia: Kind of, I was kind of pissed off at her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, you can you can tell
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but it doesn't work it. Whatever it is, it's not working because now you're in distress and now there's this conflict and it might be, it might be
Gwenevere Abriel: cleared up with one solid communication, maybe with the both of them and saying what you just did.
Gwenevere Abriel: But not making demands of grandma, but rather, Grandma. Do you want to be. I have this conversation with all three of us in the room. Do you want me to write an email and you write an email already together.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you want to do this because I keep I keep having conflicting feelings as as your, you know, your granddaughter. I want you safe, healthy, happy and taking care of, um, but as an employee.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a real challenge happening here because
Gwenevere Abriel: I do need to earn a living. And we have this arrangement, but Kathy seems to have this arrangement with you too, and they're they're bumping their, their odd sometimes. So I'm wondering if we can get clear on the work part
Gwenevere Abriel: And just because you've revisited it before, doesn't mean you can't revisit it again. And maybe that's what's happening because maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe Kathy has changed. Maybe she's more open, maybe she really doesn't want to go there for six hours on Monday, and she'd be willing to give up those couple hours but let her answer it for herself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do that. If I'm Kathy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just play with it. You don't have to do anything because it's just me, but if it, if it was a real conversation with Kathy and I was her, how would it sound. If you were to speak your truth to me if I'm Kathy.
Jessica Garcia: I would say
Jessica Garcia: Hey yeah um
Jessica Garcia: So my grandma's calling me and telling me that you want me
Jessica Garcia: To go with her grocery shopping
Jessica Garcia: Which I'm pretty sure that's what she's gonna say because they need, they can
Gwenevere Abriel: Hang on, keep with the role play
Jessica Garcia: I wouldn't mind.
Jessica Garcia: Picking up those few hours. If for some reason you can't make it, or, or I wouldn't mind like going with her, you know, clocking in those just a few hours.
Jessica Garcia: Um,
Jessica Garcia: If you want to talk out
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard, isn't it, because you're trying to avoid a conflict, aren't you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yeah okay so
Jessica Garcia: Okay, so there's that part of me. And then there's this other part of me that's like
Jessica Garcia: You know, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know. I'm with you, girl, but we end up what we end up doing is we're going to do your first version. We're going to do that one. It's just you're going to put, if you can sort of the
Gwenevere Abriel: The burden of answering the question on her shoulders a little sooner. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So something kind of like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey TIA just heard from from Nana. She wants to bed. She's asking me to go shopping for a couple hours are you okay if I clock in from 12 to two. Is that going to kind of throw off your, your schedule and your budget.
And she answers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you hear the difference
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, I need to write that down. Because I'm gonna forget it.
Jessica Garcia: Give me one second.
Jessica Garcia: GUYS DIDN'T EVEN just like
Gwenevere Abriel: Already I know that's because you guys aren't used to talk
Jessica Garcia: We're not know
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're wrapped up in the feeling of apprehension, Jessica. You're wrapped up in the emotion of what happened. And so you're not able to notice how even memory didn't, it didn't, it didn't stick because it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it's this emotional response. That's the predominant thing but not with me because will a there's no threat of love loss. There's no threat of conflict. This is just make believe in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: But for you. You're going to have to actually get ready for that call, you're going to have to breathe. Do the belly breathing, you're going to have to do some visualization, you're gonna have to tell yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am so worth is all it is is money. Love is not on the line. It's just some money. Um, and this woman might be unreasonable, but I'm going to let her answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: If the answer's no. Jessica, the answer's no. And then guess what, when your, your, your Nana gives you a call. You say, yeah, I spoke with Tina. She said it doesn't work for her schedule. I would encourage you to give her a quick call
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Amen. That's it. You can look what I do as soon as I possibly can. I get it off of my shoulders and where do I put it
Gwenevere Abriel: where they belong.
Gwenevere Abriel: where it belongs. Oh, did you already asked him, did you ask her, did you already asked her, he put it here, put on grandma right asking her a question.
Gwenevere Abriel: You already did your part you're already kind of you danced you did the dance you danced around and you asked called up. So we're going to, you want to do it again.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what I said, but I'll try it again. So it's, um, hey, to how you doing, I'm manages to give me a quick call and asked me to go shopping from 12 to two
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm cool with that. But I do want to clock in, is that going to mess up your, your, your budget. The, the money wanted this week because I do want to get paid for those couple hours. Is that going to mess with with your plans this week, or can that work for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I it's a forced. It's a closed ended question. So what I did is I put all the meaningful information in the question. So she only has two choices. Yes. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: She can either say yes yeah that messes with me. I had planned all this money. Okay. Will you watch what I do. Will you let let her know or do you want me to to call Nan and let her know that
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want me to clock in those are forced choices to there's either I call until I Nana that I can't work or you call they're forced
Jessica Garcia: I just need to not worry about what's going to happen between them, because I already
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, like go let go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let them let let this is because here's the thing that's you getting into family relationship right in there as family members. We try to protect each other's feelings, but if this is a job. Listen for a second. Just imagine
Gwenevere Abriel: These were employees and this was an employer watch it changes, doesn't it. Hey, hey, hey, Benny. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: A client Fred is asking me to come in. I didn't know. Did you already booked those hours you already have it set
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh. Oh, you don't. Okay. Well, he just called me and asked me to go from from 12 to one to 12 to two. I'm gonna go over there and do it was that messing with any of your schedule it wasn't okay, cool, cool, cool. All right. Well, I'll talk to you later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're not this not the there's no dual relationship. It's just about compensation. We work. We work, cuz we make money. That's why we do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're respectful, you are checking in to say, oh, this is kind of a weird day. This is usually my day is my day off. But you know when I kind of need a little extra cash. So it's not messing with your budgeting with your expected income.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is okay with you. Is it all the same to you if I just go do it for two hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you wait for the answer, kind of, be prepared if it's. Yes. Okay, cool, cool, cool. I'll talk to you later. If it's no okay then the closed ended question is, do you want me to tell Mr. Peterson that you're going to clock in, or do you want to tell them your clock in and you do the shopping
Gwenevere Abriel: See, I was closing and he has to pick the two, you just presented
Jessica Garcia: closed ended questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning they either they do this one, which is am I going to call Nana and tell her that I'm going to clock in, or are you going to tell her that you're clocking in those are the two choices.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or if it's her know if she says no, that's like my day and I need the money around and you say okay are you going to be the one to tell Nana that you don't want me doing that or do you want me to be the one to call her and tell her that you declined my offer
Jessica Garcia: They're closing it
Gwenevere Abriel: He has two choices, each time.
Jessica Garcia: What I'm trying to decide now is whether I'm going to call my grandma and figure out, figure out what she was gonna say
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, or just yeah I should
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, because you you guys have noticed that there's like when I listened to you, there's, there's
Gwenevere Abriel: There's an understanding. There's a superstition. There's a belief, there's an unspoken rule. There's all this unspoken stuff. And I don't know if you've noticed in here. Everything is like laid out raw
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really different. And it can feel abrupt and unusual for family system when they're not used to
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying things directly. But look what happens when you end up being pissed off at each other, boy, then you really say some direct stuff. Don't you
Gwenevere Abriel: So why wait. Why wait when it's ugly, why not do it when it's chill and we acted direct we ask a direct question. So I don't know what. So is it is it Nana.
Gwenevere Abriel: You called me earlier, is it that you want me to go shopping. From about 12 to two. I was about to call it and see if it's going to mess with her her schedule is, is, is that what you want it so that I'm real clear when I call to is this what you wanted.
Gwenevere Abriel: That seems easy enough. No. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're but you're in charge of keeping it on content because she could still be playing the silly game. Well, you better. You know, I'm going to fire you little cutie.
Gwenevere Abriel: She might still want to play that game. Your job is to see right that call is not you as GRANDDAUGHTER THAT CALL is employee.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got to know which lane, you're in, you're employing
Gwenevere Abriel: I think unless because you want money so you. Which is it, you got to pick which lane, you're in
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's just swinging by on a Tuesday night just to drop off, you know, a covered dish BECAUSE YOU HAD LEFTOVER enchiladas. Well, then your, your granddaughter, but you decide not other people you decide which
Jessica Garcia: I think it's more so setting the boundary
Jessica Garcia: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing. It's not easy.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the earlier you do it like. Now, the more people will go. Okay, so she's. She knows what she wants, I, I'm gonna have to
Gwenevere Abriel: How can you not see that now they might keep pushing and pushing and pushing up against it. Your job is you just keep showing up with your boundaries. This is what I am eight. The basic philosophy behind it is
Gwenevere Abriel: This
Gwenevere Abriel: This amount is what I have to give today. I can go from 12 to two
Gwenevere Abriel: If it isn't, then, well then you give, I can go from one to two give what you have to give without resentment.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you accept the agreement. I'm going to get paid for those two hours. Well then you agreed to it. There's, there's, that's it. You made a commitment, then okay then you stick with it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: In the workplace. It's clarity. This is what I do and this is the compensation, I get
Gwenevere Abriel: And yeah, it's hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: In a family system when everything's been what's called a meta communication, where it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you know what to do. You've been in you've been raised in this family you know that you're supposed to get up early and you're supposed to clean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure the kitchens put together so that the man comes in and everything's all tidy and he's just feels like is this, you know, I know that there are there are, you know, norms in every family.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you notice that it's you, setting a boundary, isn't it.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're easier said than done. These are hard to do.
Jessica Garcia: I think the more that I talk about it, the more I'm like
Jessica Garcia: I don't care who gets her like this is what it is. And that's it. Like I'm starting to realize how ridiculous. I was just in my own head, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't it weird though hurt your grandma benefits from clearly knowing when someone's going to help her.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have an income your auntie isn't thrown off by a surprise. Like why is Jessica here up on the dance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that interesting that you go to somehow you're at fault for hurting someone when really what this does is give people choice, it gives
Gwenevere Abriel: It gives them a choice to speak and say, Oh, she she could just as to could just as easily be like
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank goodness I'm so busy today. I was afraid she was gonna call me. She just called me 20 minutes to go, and I can't do it. We don't know what she's going to do, let her answer, hold on to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you're going to have to deal with the outcome. Now, I don't know what she's going to say, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Her reaction is her reaction.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is what makes it difficult is I don't want anyone to think negatively of me. And so, yes, we are in a constant sort of Battle of impression management. I want to be seen this way and this way. I want to be seen this way.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's what it is to be human, you know, but as an employee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come on this is about a work schedule.
Jessica Garcia: It sure
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, put yourself in that zone. And so your tone of voice changes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got a list of kind of what you can say do an if then if she says no, this is what I'll say if she says yes, this is what I'll say, and have it all written out you she doesn't know you have a piece of paper in front of you, you can be ready. She doesn't know when you're on the phone.
Jessica Garcia: That's so true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh. Believe me, I've done it. I've had to turn down jobs. And I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I still do. It makes me sick. I'm like, I just, I know that this poor woman is going to want she's gonna she was so counting on me, but I can't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wrote it out first.
Gwenevere Abriel: This
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it went just fine. And she's like, Oh, okay. Well thanks for letting me know. Sooner than later, doggone it, you know, I wanted to work with you and you know so
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we're wired to care about other people. You can't jump over that we're not robots, even though I say stay in your lane and be the employee. We're a human. We care about what people think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you got a plan.
Jessica Garcia: Yes, I do. And I'm going to use that plan with everything because I'm starting to think about where I could use this kind of communication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, it shows up in a lot of places, doesn't it. Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: Thank you.
Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to stick with the system we've got here of Mondays at 11
Jessica Garcia: Yes.
Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need me to message. The doctor will I get to see you tomorrow.
Jessica Garcia: Tomorrow, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so my Nana.
Jessica Garcia: Okay, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got
Gwenevere Abriel: My taste.